Merge ``sunpy-soar`` (#8605)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/8605.feature.rst

Merge the ``sunpy-soar`` package into sunpy.

> This enables querying the `Solar Orbiter Archive <https://soar.esac.esa.int/soar/>`__ without installing any extra packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Solar Orbiter Archive <https://soar.esac.esa.int/soar/>`__ can now be queried via `~sunpy.net.Fido` without installing any extra packages.
The ``sunpy-soar`` package has been merged into sunpy, and no longer needs to be separately installed or imported.
```
